The car hit the elk and went off the road.
There were drugs everywhere.
-How did Tommy get mixed up in this?
-He saw us from the car.
So he came over and asked for a cut.
This doesn't strike me as a man
who's about to commit suicide.
You can make the wound look
like an accident, right?
-What are we looking for?
-Stab wounds.
Whether someone's taken
blood from the body.
What about this?
The screwdriver you stabbed Tommy with
needs to come out of the river.
You said it'd be over by now!
Lars?
I've received a video
that implicates Ove Dreyer.
Pay attention when he comes out.
It looks like he's taken something.
-Where's Ove?
-The less you know, the better.
I think he has a Swedish girlfriend.
He's been calling this number excessively.
Tommy Hagen's blood was dead
when it hit the fence.
-So it was planted?
-It looks that way.
BORDERLINER
I've found Ove Dreyer.
Nikolai?
Good. Where?
At a caravan site just across the border.
The blood on the fence was planted.
Maybe that's why Ove Dreyer
was in the autopsy room the other day.
I tried to get authorization,
but the Swedish police
need an arrest warrant from you.
Give me five minutes to get dressed.
-I'll call you when I'm on my way.
-Okay.
Great.
-Yes?
-I'm on my way.
How did you find him?
He's been calling this Swedish girl,
so I followed her here.
He's obviously up to something.
I'm sure he wasn't completely honest.
-Does he know you're there?
-No. I'm waiting for authorization.
Keep me posted.
Hi, sweetie.
-Hi. Look who's here.
-Hi, kid.
There's juice and biscuits down the hall.
You think bringing them here
was a good idea?
Anniken found Ove.
She knows the blood on the fence
was planted, and she thinks he did it.
He'll break if he's interrogated.
I'll deny everything,
and there's no proof.
You'll still be in the spotlight.
You get that, right?
The divers will be
searching the river today.
They won't find anything.
Of course they will.
They're diving in broad daylight.
I think we should
prepare to admit defeat here.
Daddy, would you like some juice?
Your dad's tired. We'll let him rest.
You can sleep here. Let's get you to bed.
I'm going down to the station
to get an arrest warrant for Anniken.
Niko?
I'm sorry.
-Good night, kids.
-Good night.
He was supposed to be
on a southbound bus in three hours.
What an idiot.
-What do we do about him?
-There's nothing we can do.
Let's just hope he keeps you
and Lars out of it, but I doubt it.
-We have to do something.
-Anniken's watching him!
We'll have to prepare him.
You don't want your number
on his phone when he's arrested.
Oscar-Delta, over.
Hello?
Stay away from the fucking windows.
The police are watching you.
-Okay, what do I do?
-Prepare to be arrested and questioned.
Forget it. What's going on here?
Are you trying to frame me, Bengt?
-Can you be quiet for three seconds?
-No! I'm sick of you ordering me around.
I haven't done anything, I just want out!
Give me one good reason
why I should listen to you.
I'm not going to lie to the police.
Ove? Ove!
Ove?
I'm emailing it to you now.
Please confirm when you've received it.
-Sure, will do.
-Great. Thanks so much.
-No problem. Bye.
-Bye.
POLICE
-Hi. Bengtsson.
-Larsen. Hi, Larsen.
We're with the police.
We're looking for Ove Dreyer.
He's not here.
Can we come in?
-He's not up here.
-Search the area near the main road.
-Be honest. Where is he?
-I don't know.
-Where was he going?
How long have you
been seeing each other?
Six months or so.
-Why do you meet here?
-It's a nice place, don't you think?
Your boyfriend is
a suspect in a murder case.
You'll be brought in
for questioning at the station.
And depending on
what happens with Ove,
it might be necessary
to take you into custody.
Ove called me yesterday,
saying he was here.
I came here, we fell asleep,
and when I woke up, he was gone.
-Is that all?
-Yes.
The girlfriend claims
she doesn't know where he is.
There was a bus headed for Malmö and
Copenhagen that left a few minutes ago.
-Are you tailing it?
-No, the Swedes are.
I'm heading back
after I've checked something.
Okay. We'll be here
awaiting developments. Bye.
This is Anniken Høygaard-Larsen.
I would like a forensic search
of Ove Dreyer's houseboat ASAP.
Yeah, as soon as possible. Great, bye.
This is Nikolai Andreassen.
Bengt...
Yes, that's correct.
This is Anniken.
Hi, it's Nikolai. Where are you?
-I'll be there in ten minutes.
-The hospital called. Ove's at work.
Bengt and I are on our way.
Let's just meet up at the station later.
-Okay, I'll see you there.
-Great, bye.
Ove Dreyer?
Come with us, please.
-Okay. Why?
-We'll explain later.
Hands where we can see them.
-What's he doing here?
-Relax, he's in on it.
He's in on it?
What the fuck does that mean?
-Stop it.
-Stop it? I haven't done anything!
Why were you
in the autopsy room Sunday night?
Since you claim
you haven't done anything.
Tommy was my friend.
I went in there
to see him one last time.
You were in there twice.
Before and after me.
I didn't want to get caught.
I'm not supposed to go in there.
Then I heard someone,
so I went to go hide.
But I left my phone in there,
so I had to go back in and get it.
Why did you put your phone down?
Because you need both hands
to push the body into the mortuary fridge.
That's why I put my phone down.
Okay. We'll have to brief you on
a few things Anniken is going to ask you.
Going into the autopsy room is one thing.
Why you were in Sweden is another.
-I was visiting Malin.
-At a caravan site?
She's living with her parents.
It's complicated.
It's Anniken. We have to go.
-I can't do this.
-You'll be fine.
You came back to work. That's good.
It looks like you have nothing to hide.
We'll continue this in the car.
We'll go through it one more time.
Ove.
Hey, Ove.
Relax.
Just do your best.
That's all anyone's asking.
Everything will be fine.
Do you think it will be fine?
-We have no other choice.
-No.
He fooled you, at least.
What's this?
What do you think he was doing
in the autopsy room?
He told me to tape you.
I don't think you'll fool Anniken.
-What?
-You won't fool Anniken, unfortunately.
0-2, this is Hotel 3-0.
Detainee Ove Dreyer pulled a gun,
we had to use weapons.
He is dead. We need assistance, over.
Ove Dreyer is dead.
We need assistance immediately.
Copy that. We're on our way.
Niko, listen to me.
For fuck's sake, calm down!
Calm down!
You know he couldn't have
handled an interrogation.
I had no choice, do you understand?
Okay?
We all would've gone down.
This was the only solution.
He cooperated when we detained him.
He pulled a gun in the car.
He told us to let him go.
He seemed really fucking desperate.
I had no choice. That's what happened.
Fuck...
As long as we stick to this story,
it will all be over soon.
This can end here!
No one has to see that tape!
Think!
I'm not covering this up.
Nikolai, wait here
until the second car arrives.
Stay away from each other
until you've spoken to Internal Affairs.
He ran away in the middle of the night.
He must've seen me
and escaped through a window.
He probably thought it seemed
less suspicious if he went back to work.
Then you arrive and arrest him.
He pulls a gun and is shot and killed.
-Just as I'm about to interrogate him.
-I agree. I know some things don't add up.
If you have any suspicions,
talk to Internal Affairs.
But I can't ruin my testimony
by discussing this case with you now.
Okay.
I've been told that I'm in charge
of the investigation for the time being.
But I guess that's just a formality.
If the divers don't find anything today,
everything will point to Ove.
Ready? Let's go.
For your information, you're both
suspended pending investigation.
We'll try to protect and support you.
It's voluntary, but I recommend speaking
to a lawyer before the interrogation.
I'll pass.
Andreassen?
Yes, please.
-Bengt Skare, we'll start with you.
-Sure.
Nikolai.
Nikolai?
Your lawyer is here.
How are you doing?
Tell me what happened.
They said someone was shot.
That you were in the car
when a police officer shot a suspect.
Look at me.
It's me.
I told you to come here because
I thought I needed a lawyer, but...
I'm not so sure anymore.
-What...
-I can't get you involved in this.
It would put you
in an impossible position.
I'm sorry, you have to leave.
I rescheduled my whole day
to come here.
Sorry.
No, that's not what I meant.
I'm not leaving just yet.
I'll stay until after the interrogation.
Hi, Janne, it's Nikolai.
I was just wondering
if those divers found anything?
Okay.
Thanks.
Interrogation of Bengt Skare,
Tuesday, March 21st, 2:23 PM.
Tell me what happened,
from your point of view.
He didn't resist in any way.
When we were driving to the station,
he pulled a gun.
He was waving the gun around.
It was an extremely complicated situation.
I did what I had to do.
-So it was self-defense?
-Yes.
It's an unregistered gun.
The serial number has been removed.
Do you have any idea where he got it?
No, but Ove Dreyer probably had contacts
that could get him a gun.
-So he was known to the police?
-Yes, he had priors.
Nikolai...
We're just trying
to figure out what happened.
Yeah, I understand.
The apprehension was unproblematic.
He was cooperative.
Easy to handle.
To me, he seemed
a bit baffled by the arrest.
-Did he say anything?
-He asked why he was being arrested.
Other than that, he was quiet.
And then we left the hospital, and...
After about five minutes...
-He pulled a gun.
-Who?
Ove Dreyer.
What do you think of sheriff Skare's
assessment of the situation?
The situation was very chaotic.
He had no other choice.
Thanks.
-I'll be right back.
-Sure.
Hi. Hi, Milla.
I went to see your dad today.
He's doing much better.
He told me to say hi to you both.
He's coming home tomorrow.
-Can you read us a book?
-I can, but it's getting late.
Why don't you go find a book
and get ready for bed?
-I'll be there soon.
-Okay.
-Is that okay?
-That's great.
Yeah...
-So Lars is better?
-Yes, he's better.
Good. Isn't it a little strange
to go diving so late at night?
We had to.
The mooring was coming loose.
What?
Who's that in the car?
A lawyer.
-A lawyer?
-Yes.
Yours? Or for Lars?
No, it has nothing to do with Lars.
It's work-related.
I should get the kids to bed.
I'll stay at the hotel tonight.
I'll know what the divers found tomorrow.
There was no match there anyway.
I didn't find Ove's DNA on Tommy's body,
but he could have been wearing gloves.
Tommy weighed 120 kilos.
Ove would have had to be really strong
to do something like that.
What does Nikolai think?
Who knows?
What do you mean?
That I don't know what Nikolai thinks.
Thank you.
-This is Anniken.
-This is forensics.
We found something
in Ove Dreyer's houseboat.
I've been thinking.
It's one thing that we can only
be open about this with my family.
That's fine. I don't mind that at all.
But you and I can't keep secrets
from each other on top of that.
That's not going to work.
I hope you can tell me
what this is about some day.
I...
I'll tell you everything, I promise.
Okay.
-This is Skare.
-Hi. Bente Ellevik from Internal Affairs.
Hi.
I just wanted to inform you that
we have concluded our investigation
and passed the case on to the legal
department, but our position is clear.
Okay.
We're basing our investigation
on two matching witness statements,
so we recommend that the case is closed
immediately and the suspensions lifted.
I see.
Thank you.
Looks like it will all work out.
Hey...
Come here.
You're the sweetest person I know.
-Hi.
Did you see me? Outside?
Yes.
Okay.
-I just heard. It went well?
-Yes.
Are you coming back?
-What...?
-After the suspension.
-I thought we concluded that Ove had...?
-No. Ove didn't do this alone.
There are more people involved, for sure.
Someone who knew
we were investigating the wounds
who either tipped Ove off, or used him to
steal blood from Tommy, and planted it.
Internally?
Most likely, and we did
a forensic search of Ove's boat...
-Can we talk about this tomorrow?
-Absolutely.
Good night.
Good morning.
We found this hidden at Ove's.
Smuggled, isn't it?
Looks like it.
It appears he's been operating
on a larger scale than we thought.
If anyone at the station has
been involved with the Tommy case,
they may also have
been involved with smuggling.
They want the names of everyone who was
at the briefing following Tommy's murder.
And everyone who's been at the scene
must register their DNA.
Okay.
You can see what
you can find about this.
I'll look into it.
Welcome back.
She's not giving up, Lars.
It's only a matter of time
before they see the connection
between Tommy, Ove, you and Bengt.
-What the fuck do we do now?
-This was your problem.
But I'm the one burning.
What's the plan?
I'm asking you: What's the plan?
-I don't know.
-You don't know?
I don't have a choice. In order to
keep Anniken away from you and the drugs,
she needs some closure
on Tommy that she can believe.
-I can only see one option.
-What?
I have to tell them
that I killed Tommy Hagen.